tabs/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
# multilingual page pair id, this must pair with translations of this page. (This name must be unique)
lng_pair: id_about

# image for page specific usage
img: ":about.jpg"
# publish date (used for seo)
# if not specified, site.time will be used.
#date: 2022-03-03 12:32:00 +0000

# for override items in _data/lang/[language].yml
#title: My title
#button_name: "My button"
# for override side_and_top_nav_buttons in _data/conf/main.yml
#icon: "fa fa-bath"

# seo
# if not specified, date will be used.
#meta_modify_date: 2022-03-03 12:32:00 +0000
# check the meta_common_description in _data/owner/[language].yml
#meta_description: ""

# optional
# if you enabled image_viewer_posts you don't need to enable this. This is only if image_viewer_posts = false
#image_viewer_on: true
# if you enabled image_lazy_loader_posts you don't need to enable this. This is only if image_lazy_loader_posts = false
#image_lazy_loader_on: true
# exclude from on site search
#on_site_search_exclude: true
# exclude from search engines
#search_engine_exclude: true
# to disable this page, simply set published: false or delete this file
#published: false
---

Chris Arthur Rosaroso is a

Commit message:

#5 Update: About Me | Welcome page

tabs/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
# multilingual page pair id, this must pair with translations of this page. (This name must be unique)
lng_pair: id_about

# image for page specific usage
img: ":about.jpg"
# publish date (used for seo)
# if not specified, site.time will be used.
#date: 2022-03-03 12:32:00 +0000

# for override items in _data/lang/[language].yml
#title: My title
#button_name: "My button"
# for override side_and_top_nav_buttons in _data/conf/main.yml
#icon: "fa fa-bath"

# seo
# if not specified, date will be used.
#meta_modify_date: 2022-03-03 12:32:00 +0000
# check the meta_common_description in _data/owner/[language].yml
#meta_description: ""

# optional
# if you enabled image_viewer_posts you don't need to enable this. This is only if image_viewer_posts = false
#image_viewer_on: true
# if you enabled image_lazy_loader_posts you don't need to enable this. This is only if image_lazy_loader_posts = false
#image_lazy_loader_on: true
# exclude from on site search
#on_site_search_exclude: true
# exclude from search engines
#search_engine_exclude: true
# to disable this page, simply set published: false or delete this file
#published: false
---

Hi, my name is Chris Arthur Rosaroso. In 2020, I received my bachelor's degree in engineering (Mechanical Engineering, Technological University of the Philippines, Manila City).

I believe that data tells us more than just numbers, it helps us uncover stories about certain events and timelines where we can leverage to into valuable actionable insights. I am focusing on marketing analytics as my niche, where I help the brand with valuable insights using the customer data. As COVID hits during my graduation, I was introduced to remote jobs. I eventually migrated to data science by getting certified. I am now skilled in Excel, SQL, R, and Tableau, and am currently learning Python.
